hello girls okay good today I'm here
to do a tutorial
I do not think so, I 'll go step by step.
teach you how to put these nails
self-adhesive flash that accompanies
my jacket is worn then you are
Seeing they are in here falls.
because I'm already with them in the rhythm of
Cup
certain who accompanies on social networks
You know I'm super adept on your nails.
I use a lot so I came to today to
you also like that puts those nails
How do I get your nails done?
who actually suggested this video is a
group video and the theme suggestion was
magna a kiss is beautiful it was to
make a law or art or talk about
cup enamels only the person who does not
has no ability to do the nail
without knowing it and beyond all that
My mother is super gnawed right.
You'll see, I'll tell you, I'll teach.
a trick for the girls to stay
alone
the cup as in a super magic pass
then if you want to check it out
Come with me, good girl. I do not know if you're going.
give it that because I do not know how to film
so upside down is but the china
So come Grandson coming in the false nails
here inside comes that paper you notice that
This utah scarf comes and there was this one.
not voting
I think she's a little naughty.
So the first step is going to be you.
choose the size of the nail which goes
be the size of the nail to fit you
on your fingernail then you hug bagolin
here, spread the nails and measure
follows literally so you pick up
Nail it and see if it will fit or will
there's something left in the corner
right
I think the nail is separating the big toe and
I already found now let's see the table
It's all over the edges so I'm going
seek greater
This one right here.
so I already separate and I'm going to make it
A good little job!
the good girl
already taques and stops all that gives
right with my fingers right them
come with this plastic here I do not know if
You can see in the video, are you?
seeing you have a plastic in the first step
is you passing the right teaching on the nail
series passed rags and co
You're going to take this plastic quinoa.
took out all the plastic quinho you're already going
I fit in your union in a dog, I just
I saw the sergeant is left here all
right side you press
I think so, one of the great secrets.
square improve a little more and you
press and hold
so the number holds strong old figure
very strong even if it is practical to stick
knows and pressed the corners sun
here are the nooks and you will
doing it with all the nails and people
I'll tell you what, it sucks to take it out.
these little plastics when you already
It's with the fingernail, so stay there.
prepared
you fit it gets very hot to
cuticle that does not know and presses
It's people who eat like magic
your nails are ready in most
The rhythm of the thominhas canopy I'm back.
already todinha with side'm ready to
Cost the glass looks like you can see.
how it gets super natural right and how I
I was talking to you, and there are
other models of nail home is not only
these festive such exist the classics
just one color
here in my city is super easy to
I think perfume is for me all
these decoradinho around twenty and
eight reais and the flat ones with all twenty
and a real one and it 's a super practice option
in case of the type that neither I nor my
mother was horrible super food is no
I was going to have time to go to the manicure was there
Chukka colei type is ready to cat
so emergence is a beauty in
regarding duration girls of duration
type varies a lot for example in my
Mom lasts more than 15 days now in me
that I am the super was nothing is to have mine
nail looks like it 's hard butter some
four days
right but it's still a super option
For you who are in the rush and need
to be with their hands and beautiful
time for another like this in an easy way
and fast
I really hope you enjoyed it.
Do you like to leave the john here?
be sure to check the other videos
also girls who did
half nail art herself capacity 7
I do not know how to do and do not have this ability
We then me
and the superpractic sticker nails are
right
I hope you have enjoyed
stay with God
enjoy a super kiss and until the
next video